Disassembler - takes a magic and gives a random of its atribute
Assembler - takes atributes to make magic

Magic:
	Magic has x atributes (Depending on the assebler tier, like anvils, but more important)
	Each needs to have certain atribute types, and x "may haves" where x is based on assembler ^^

Atribute ideas:
	Atribute will be catagorized into tiers

	Over time you will get generally better atributes (later game)
	Needed for decreasing mana cost for early spells but also decreasing damage... (and also just worse atributes)

	fx bosses alost drop atributes not only weapons (and probly some other ways to get them)
	
	Needed attribute types:
		Cast:
			The point with which the magic is cast from
			The base casting speed

		Form:
			The form
			Base speed
			Base damage
			Base duration

			Also collision, so the form decides fx, if it breaks on hitting tiles (for now...)

		Behaviour:
			Could be go straight
			Could be home, short range home, to cursor (like the magic wand),
			gravity, anti gravity, Chaotic path (randomly rotates),
			spiraling (out from spawn position), orbiting (spawn position),

			rotate enemy (when it spawns, it tagets near enemy and rotates around it)

		Trail:
			The trail... (just particles i think)
			Just like other atributes, the "may haves" except they have visual impact and are neccecary...

		"Element":
			Idk, there needs to be some way to decide basse color...

		
	Other attribute types:
		Pre cast:
			2x cast, 3x cast, 4x cast and so on (divide damage by something and just cast duplicates...)

		Status effect:
			Status effect to apply when hitting mob or player

		Hit tile:
			some ai to run when hitting a tile
			fx bounce, split (high cost, or a lot less damage)
		
		Time based:
			After x do y
			fx after 3 seconds, die... (mana cost down, maby speed up, or just damage)
			or after 2 sec split into 5 of this that shoot randomly

		Multiplers:
			Damage
			Mana cost
			Cast speed
			Delay (?)
			Effect Range (?) - some might need it... idk...

			this could end in fx "Cost Down T1 \n [0.2x Damage] \n [0.4x Mana Cost]",
			"Clumsy Cast T1 \n [1.2x Cast Speed] \n [1.8x Mana Const]" or simply "Damage T1 [1.1x Damage]"

		Const Application:
			maby something like "Pull near enemies" or "Damage near enemies" 0.05x Damage to near enemies


Reactions (maby, could be future plans)
	Just a set of debuffs that do things when you add them together...
	think genshin...